Org Tokens Page (#1429)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/intro/pulumi-service/organization-access-tokens.md

## Deleting an Organization Access Token

An Organization Access Token can be deleted by any organization admin at any time. No other members are able to delete organization tokens.

From the organization's homepage, follow the same steps as for a Personal Access Token:

1. Select **Settings**.
1. Navigate to **Access Tokens**.
1. Select the ellipsis button.
1. Choose **Delete token**. You will be prompted in a dialog to confirm your choice.

If you choose to delete a token, its access will immediately be revoked and all further operations using it will fail as unauthorized.

## Auditing Organization Token Actions

Since an organization can have multiple Organization Access Tokens, it’s necessary to be able to identify them uniquely in Audit Log Events. All Audit Log Events which were triggered by an Organization Access Token will surface the token’s unique name, and in the event of Audit Log Export, the token’s UUID as well.

## Permissions/Authorization

> Put simply: Organization Access Tokens behave like an organization member with [stack write permissions](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/pulumi-service/projects-and-stacks/#stack-permissions) to all of the organization’s stacks. They do not grant any privileges to view the console, or to create additional Organization or Personal Access Tokens. See below for a full list of accessible APIs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Organization Access Tokens behave like an organization member with [stack write permissions](https://www.pulumi.com/docs/intro/pulumi-service/projects-and-stacks/#stack-permissions) to all of the organization’s stacks. They do not grant any privileges to view the Pulumi Service ui, or to create additional Organization or Personal Access Tokens. See below for a full list of accessible APIs:
```

sry just noticed this in the last change, id suggest against using this language. it can feel intimidating for folks that may not find the concepts simple. in general, i recommend against describing things as easy or simple as we serve many folks with many different experience levels and things that may seem simple and easy to one person may be quite challenging to another.

we also moved away from using the term console, id go with either web console or Pulumi Service ui.

Author: 👍  in this case I'm going more for tl;dr. This clause doesn't provide much benefit anyway, and understand your point
